to give your pet a tablet
the first thing to find and hide it
whole or chopped in food
a meatball or cheese
foods with a strong taste like pasta
of anchovies can do the case
first you need to take the
compressed between thumb and middle finger
of the right hand
therefore it positions itself to the animal on one
stable surface with the left hand
you hold up your head you need it
of the right index finger to lower the
jaw and always helping with
the index finger pushes the tablet down the throat
after which the mouth is kept closed
of the animal by massaging its throat
so that it does not swallow
the same thing applies to the dog
the mouth opens
taking care to keep the lips
of the animal in contact with the teeth
of the upper arch because it does not bite
then the complex is inserted
pushing it deep with the forefinger e
you keep your mouth shut but if you take one
throat until swallowing
another method is to chop the
tablet if it doesn't taste
too unpleasant and melt it in water
the liquid obtained must be aspirated with one
syringe without needle insert the syringe
side of the mouth holding the artist
in the raised animal and press on one
plunger slowly making sure that
the animal swallows and doing
be careful not to send liquid to
transverse